save youtube guys welcome here
Channel 17 Burnley and today I'm going to teach
You an oil mayonnaise this way
will be part of a sequence of 20
What are we going to do for the magazine 17?
by environment now launches low
We'll be teaching, come on up.
do hamburg is beirut gun show and
how to prepare the masses as well
from now we start with mayonnaise
of garlic and we will present the remaining
sauces also right
You will need to recipe a glass
of milk o and it has to be ice cold 2 teeth
of garlic and oil
Ok let's use the blender bolinou
control
here we put the milk
adding the two oil teeth
also that the first dot
What are we going to do from now?
the piece also in the blender and
pour oil drizzle a certain one
low speed
Okay, our girl arrived at the consistency
to know correctly about the
correct consistency is when the
blender propeller stop spinning
will give her will continue to spin the
wheel spinning in fake right here you
when you hit the jump with a
little chick if you like her little bit more
spicy one can look at pepper here
inside also ok
What do I get the last beat?
what our mother is here is ready
her consistency was perfect
right
we put only 2 cloves of garlic if
you put more than this into this
amount of what we used goes
stay very strong ok
I'm sure you 're going to use this recipe.
for many dishes that one will do in
home make this recipe at home place
her on social networks with the hashtag of
17 gourmet and sign down here
our short channel our instagram
our facebook page and see you next time
recipe
hug